---------------
souce: ./reports/24Q1USBANK\Q1-2024-Form-10-Q.pdf	page: 38

those economic variables with credit losses. After the forecast period, the Company fully reverts to long-term historical loss 
experience, adjusted for prepayments and characteristics of the current loan and lease portfolio, to estimate losses over the 
remaining life of the portfolio. The economic scenarios are updated at least quarterly and are designed to provide a range of 
reasonable estimates, from better to worse than current expectations. Scenarios are weighted based on the Company’s 
expectation of economic conditions for the foreseeable future and reflect significant judgment and consideration of economic 
forecast uncertainty. Final loss estimates also consider factors affecting credit losses not reflected in the scenarios, due to the 
unique aspects of current conditions and expectations. These factors may include, but are not limited to, loan servicing practices, 
regulatory guidance, and/or fiscal and monetary policy actions. 
38 U.S. Bancorp

---------------
souce: ./reports/24Q1USBANK\Q1-2024-Form-10-Q.pdf	page: 15

increasing consideration of historical loss experience over 
years two and three. These economic scenarios are 
constructed with interrelated projections of multiple economic 
variables, and loss estimates are produced that consider the 
historical correlation of those economic variables with credit 
losses. After the forecast period, the Company fully reverts to 
long-term historical loss experience, adjusted for prepayments and characteristics of the current loan and 
lease portfolio, to estimate losses over the remaining life of 
the portfolio. The economic scenarios are updated at least 
quarterly and are designed to provide a range of reasonable 
estimates from better to worse than current expectations. 
Scenarios are weighted based on the Company’s 
expectation of economic conditions for the foreseeable future 
and reflect significant judgment and consideration of 
economic forecast uncertainty. Final loss estimates also

---------------
souce: ./reports/24Q1USBANK\Q1-2024-Form-10-Q.pdf	page: 15

expectation of economic conditions for the foreseeable future 
and reflect significant judgment and consideration of 
economic forecast uncertainty. Final loss estimates also 
consider factors affecting credit losses not reflected in the 
scenarios, due to the unique aspects of current conditions 
and expectations. These factors may include, but are not 
limited to, changes in borrower behavior or conditions in 
specific lending segments, loan servicing practices, 
regulatory guidance, and/or fiscal and monetary policy 
actions. 
Because business processes and credit risks associated 
with unfunded credit commitments are essentially the same 
as for loans, the Company utilizes similar processes to 
estimate its liability for unfunded credit commitments, which 
is included in other liabilities in the Consolidated Balance 
Sheet. Both the allowance for loan losses and the liability for 
unfunded credit commitments are included in the Company’s

---------------
souce: ./reports/24Q1USBANK\Q1-2024-Form-10-Q.pdf	page: 1

condition, asset quality, capital and liquidity levels, plans, prospects and operations of U.S. Bancorp. Forward-looking statements 
often use words such as “anticipates,” “targets,” “expects,” “hopes,” “estimates,” “projects,” “forecasts,” “intends,” “plans,” 
“goals,” “believes,” “continue” and other similar expressions or future or conditional verbs such as “will,” “may,” “might,” “should,” 
“would” and “could.” 
Forward-looking statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those 
set forth in forward-looking statements, including the following risks and uncertainties: 
•Deterioration in general business and economic conditions or turbulence in domestic or global financial markets, which could 
adversely affect U.S. Bancorp’s revenues and the values of its assets and liabilities, reduce the availability of funding to certain 
financial institutions, lead to a tightening of credit, and increase stock price volatility;

